Version 2 (#158)
YunoHost-Apps/kresus_ynh: doc/POST_INSTALL.md

Domain: __DOMAIN__
Path  : __PATH__
Config: __INSTALL_DIR__/config.ini

Please remember the default behavior of YunoHost when installing a new app is: everyone has access to the app.
This may be an issue for Kresus as it is a personal tool. Please remember to edit access rights in the YunoHost web administration panel or using command line interface.

Note about config.ini: this package will regenerate the config file on upgrade.

> If you changed it manually and upgrade Kresus, you'll find a backup in __INSTAL_DIR__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you changed it manually and upgraded Kresus, you'll find a backup in __INSTALL_DIR__.
```
